Summary of Project: 
	For our final project we created an interactive webpage experience that uses a city and effects that occur to the city to represent mental health. A city is able to be influenced based on aspects of general life factors including work, sleep, therapy, and medication. Based on how the user interacts with the levels of these four life factors, the city will have various changes that are supposed to reflect how the inside of a brain may feel due to the impacts of life factors and the mental health issues that follow. This emphasizes our theory and criticism of how different stressors can impact the brain and cause mental health “natural disasters.” 
	Upon loading into the page a city will be generated using random values to determine the building heights, number of windows, and color. The city will be re-generated upon refreshing the page and lies within a brain. The user will have the ability to increase the influence of certain life factors on the city using the buttons on the left side of the screen. Each of the buttons will raise a corresponding variable behind the scenes, and the variable will also decay when not being pressed. When the values reach certain conditions different events will start to take place in the city. The higher a value is the more intense the events will be. These events include, but are not limited to, rain, lightning, fires, and more.

Theoretical Analysis: 
	What we wanted to cover was the way that people have to balance the different aspects of their lives in order to maintain a healthy mental state. As stated prior we conveyed this by using four life factors that the user can increase or let decrease to view the impact of different factors on the city that we use as a metaphor for one’s mind. We went with the city as our means of conveying one’s mental state because our initial plan was to have the different factors cause/affect certain natural disasters that could occur as a result of having an unbalanced life, but that plan was changed later on, and now the only weather pattern happening is a consistent rain storm. Instead of natural disasters we have the life factors impact the intensity or aspects of the storm (ie. wind or lighting), and how the city itself changes as well. We opted to stay with the city for this metaphor because we wanted to maintain the connection between one’s inner self to their environment.

Link to Project: https://pallavirajeev.github.io/cmpm169final/ 
